add a later version (#16080)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/debug-trace-profile/pinvokestackimbalance-mda.md

The `PInvokeStackImbalance` MDA is implemented only for 32-bit x86 platforms.

> [!NOTE]

> > The `PInvokeStackImbalance` MDA is disabled by default. In Visual Studio 2017 or a later version, The `PInvokeStackImbalance` MDA appears in the **Managed Debugging Assistants** list in the **Exception Settings** dialog box (which is displayed when you select **Debug** > **Windows** > **Exception Settings**). However, selecting or clearing the **Break When Thrown** check box does not enable or disable the MDA; it only controls whether Visual Studio throws an exception when the MDA is activated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The `PInvokeStackImbalance` MDA is disabled by default. In Visual Studio 2017 and later versions, the `PInvokeStackImbalance` MDA appears in the **Managed Debugging Assistants** list in the **Exception Settings** dialog box (which is displayed when you select **Debug** > **Windows** > **Exception Settings**). However, selecting or clearing the **Break When Thrown** check box does not enable or disable the MDA; it only controls whether Visual Studio throws an exception when the MDA is activated.
```
Here I think the plural is appropriate.
